today's video is very special because
it's a collaboration with 10 other
ladies so let's put on the foundation
and consider and get to contouring I
like to start with the cheekbones cuz
Disney Princesses have ridiculous
cheekbones and blend outwards for the
edge of the cheekbone to the top of the
forehead this is gonna bring dimension
to the face
you also want to take this under the
chin and blend in a 3 or an emotion
along the face to get the illusion you
have Jasmine slim nose run the bronzer
on the sides of yours for more
definition and I might look orange right
now but when it's blended it's going to
give my pale skin Jasmine's look now
take a matte dark coral blush and run it
along the top of the cheekbones we're
just introducing different shades of
color so that's more natural taking a
highlighting loose powder put all along
the top of your nose and on the high
print of your cheekbones now it's time
for actual blush so take our light and
again matte coral shade and just put
this on the apples of your cheeks just
to give you a lovely glow now it's time
to do the eyes taking a tiny bit of
primer blend it out with your ring
finger and it'll be the perfect base for
your eyeshadows but first let's do
Jasmine's crazy eyebrows fill them in
with the dark brown matte eye shadow and
then start to exaggerate the top of your
brow and create a higher arch just like
Jasmin's
start to fill in the inner core dry with
a warm copper color and then blend out
towards the middle fill in the rest of
the lid using a bronze color and don't
forget to blend it in with the other
half and then in the inner corner were
just gonna highlight with the gold cuz
Jasmine's nothing without her gold in
the crease I'm just using a light
champagne color it contrasts a lot with
a lid and it just gives some depth to
the eye and just use what has ever left
the brush to highlight under the brow
bone
I've decided she is a Kajal eyeliner to
line my waterline and actually tight
line my eyes it looks uncomfortable but
it's actually really easy and it doesn't
hurt at all now on to the serious liquid
liner take your favorite one and do it
bit by bit starting with the inner
corner of the eye make it pointy and
very feline like then bit by bit
build up the line across your eye
getting thicker towards the end and
winging it out even I found it difficult
because I decided to do it the wrong
hand now last thing in the eyes is just
the mascara all false lashes whatever
you prefer and then just lips I put on
the berry color and then I was done it's
all done now I'm Jasmine just click on
any of the images to see any other
makeup tutorials these girls are
fantastic sore I recommend clicking go
on you want to